# Text Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="181"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><h4>Align Top</h4></td><td>Aligns the selected text to the top of the page.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Align Vertical Center</h4></td><td>Positions the selected text right at the center of the vertical axis.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Align Bottom </h4></td><td>Aligns the selected text to the bottom of the page.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Align left</h4></td><td>Aligns the selected text to the left of the page.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Align Horizontal Center</h4></td><td>Positions the selected text right at the center of the horizontal axis.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Align Right</h4></td><td>Aligns the selected text to the right of the page.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Add Logic</h4></td><td>Serves as another entry point to<a href="../../logics/"> Blup Lightning. </a></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Setup view</h4></td><td><p></p><p>This button allows users to choose the type of view of the selected text. The various options available for this are:</p><ul><li><em>List View</em>: The text will be presented in a scrollable unordered list format.</li><li><em>PageList View:</em> By enabling the PageList view, the selected text will exhibit a list view of another page specified. The page to be presented can be specified through the 'Add Pages to PageList' option.</li><li>Scroll View: Scroll view option allows you to scroll through the contents in the of the text.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Position</h4></td><td>You can change the position of the selected text along the horizontal and vertical axis manually through the input box present.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Padding</h4></td><td><p></p><p>You can adjust the padding of the selected list through this. Either padding is added to each side individually or you can add for all the sides at once</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

{% hint style="info" %}
<mark style="color:blue;">Note: Padding is the space immediately surrounding an element within its cell</mark>
{% endhint %}



<table><thead><tr><th width="178"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><h4>Text property</h4></td><td>The text can be modified in the field given and will be reflected in the mobile canvas.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Font Type</h4></td><td>This allows you to select the preferred font type of the selected text.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Font Style</h4></td><td>This dropdown menu helps you to select font styles.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Font Size</h4></td><td>Used to define the font size of the selected text.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Letter spacing</h4></td><td>The spacing between the letters of the selected text can be specified here.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Line Height</h4></td><td>The height between lines can be defined here. </td></tr><tr><td><h4>Max Line</h4></td><td>This property helps you to define the maximum number of lines the selected text can specify for example, if you define the value as 2 then the text can only take up 2 lines.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Text Alignment</h4></td><td><p>This defines the text alignment, there is 4 option available to choose from.</p><p>Let's go over each one by one</p><p>a. Left align - this option aligns the text left.</p><p>b. Right align – this option aligns the text to the right.</p><p>c. Center Align - this option aligns the text left.</p><p>d. Justify align – this option helps you to space is added between words so that both edges of each line are aligned with both margins.</p></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Autowidth</h4></td><td>The width of the text will be adjusted automatically depending on the size of the container housing the selected text.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Autoheight</h4></td><td>The height of the text will be adjusted automatically depending on the size of the container housing the selected text.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Fixed size</h4></td><td>The dimensions of the text will remain fixed regardless of the size of the container housing the selected text.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Font colour</h4></td><td>The color of the selected text can be changed here. You can pick a colour by using the eyedropper, entering the hex code or from the manually adjusting the RGB scroller and selecting the appropriate saturation and lighting.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Is Hide</h4></td><td>By checking the checkbox the entire selected list will be hidden.</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Is Ellipsis</h4></td><td>If the text exceeds the maxline specified, then if this checkbox is checked, the rest of the text will be shown as "..."</td></tr><tr><td><h4>Selectable Text </h4></td><td>Only texts with this field checked can be selected for applying toolbar operations by the user.</td></tr></tbody></table>
