# Text UI Node

Text UI Node helps to perform logic On-click of text or when properties related to text changes.

{% hint style="info" %}
<mark style="color:blue;">Note: Text or Text Field \[input box] has the same node i.e. text UI node.</mark>
{% endhint %}

### Components Of Text Node

<table><thead><tr><th width="199"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Text</strong> </td><td>This input node point helps to provide the text to be shown.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Is hide</strong></td><td>This input node point is used to hide the Text or Textfield. This node point accepts a Boolean-type value if the value is true it hides the group, or else the group is visible.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Extra Data</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to store data that can be used further down the line.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Edit Checkbox</strong> </td><td>This checkbox helps you to access secondary input node points of the selected Text or TextField. If the checkbox is checked, all the secondary input node points are visible; if not they are hidden and cannot be used.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Font Color</strong></td><td>As the name suggests, this property helps to define the font colour.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Font Size</strong></td><td> This input node point helps to define the font size of the text.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Padding Left</strong></td><td>This node point helps to give the left padding.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Padding Right</strong></td><td>This node point helps to give the Right padding.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Padding Top</strong></td><td>This node point helps to give the Top padding.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Padding Bottom</strong></td><td>This node point helps to give the Bottom padding.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Line Height</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define a height between the text. The bigger the number, the bigger will be the height and vice versa.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Letter Spacing</strong> </td><td>This input node point helps to define the spacing between the letters of the text.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Max Lines</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the max line to which your text can expand , for example, if you define the maxline value as 2 then your text can only take up 2 lines.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Is Ellipses</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to convert the text expanded into multiple lines to a single line and show the rest of the text in “….” form.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Is Adjust With Keyboard</strong></td><td>This property keeps the text field visible to the user even when the keyboard pops up. </td></tr><tr><td><strong>Text Field Width</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the text-field or input Box width.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Text Field Height</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the text-field or input Box height.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Text Field Padding Left</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to give left padding to the text Field.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Text Field Padding Right</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to give right padding to the text Field.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Text Field Padding Top</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to give top padding to the text Field.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Text Field Padding Bottom</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to give bottom padding to the text Field.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Hint Text</strong> </td><td>This input node point provides the hint text [text conveying to the user what type of input is expected].</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Hint Color</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the color of the hint.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Border Focused Color</strong></td><td> An input Box or text Field is said to be focused when the user is inputting the text in it, as the name suggests this input node point helps you to define the border colour when the input box is in a focused state.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Border Un-Focused Color</strong></td><td>An input Box or text Field is said to be unfocused when the user is not inputting the text in it, as the name suggests this property helps to define the border colour when the input box is in an unfocused state.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Border Focused Width</strong></td><td><p>This input node point helps to define the width of the border </p><p>when the text field or input box is in a focused state.</p></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Border Un-Focused Width</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the width of the border when the text field or input box is in an unfocused state.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Border Focused Radius</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the radius of the border when the text field or input box is in a focused state.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Border Un-Focused Radius</strong> </td><td>This input node point helps to define the radius of the border when the text field or input box is in an unfocused state.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Cursor Color</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the colour of the cursor when the text field is in a focused state.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Cursor Width</strong></td><td>This input node point defines the width of the cursor.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Cursor Height</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the width of the cursor.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Cursor Radius</strong></td><td>This input node point helps to define the width of the cursor.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>On Text Changed</strong></td><td>When the user types in the data, this node can be used to trigger a logic or a function.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>On Submitted</strong></td><td>This output node point executes any logic when the user stops typing in the input box.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>On Text default prop update</strong></td><td><p>When the primary input node changes, this node point executes the specified logic. </p><p>Also if you stretch the node point it will give you the properties values that are present on the left-hand side of the rectangle node.</p></td></tr><tr><td><strong>On react Extra prop Update</strong> </td><td>This output node point defines logic when these extra properties are available . Change also similar to above node point stretch this node point further will help you to get more output node points.</td></tr></tbody></table>

